Reasons to volunteer:

- sth to do during the holidays
 - used to having a packed calendar
- meet new people from over the world
 - languages
 
Well presented and personable with a friendly disposition
Ability to work well as part of a team
Communicate confidently in English
Willingness to engage in training
A passion for supporting and serving others
Over 18 years
Eligible to live and work in the United Kingdom without sponsorship requirements
A desire to serve within a Christian community 

 
To me it's really not about the volunteering, though it might sound a bit strange. I'm mostly looking forward to spending some free time I happen to have well, to meeting with interesting people from over the world, to cooperate in this thing I find good, to pick up new experiences and skills, and to lend my own. Yeah so towards that opening statement: what is volunteering? Just a job you don't get paid for? I'm getting back for what I'm giving, or at least I definitely hope so. Am I well presented? In speech I'm regularly described as chaotic, in appearance as casual, the latter of which I consciously strive for. English I speak, work I legally can, that takes care of the formalities, I hope. Confident? Only if referring to the level of usage, otherwise highly dependent on the topic. What does personable even mean? Had to actually look that one up. By Google[Oxford]: "having a pleasant appearance and manner". Pleasant manner? Well I hope so. 

I'm mostly looking forward to spending some free time I happen to have well, to meeting with interesting people from over the world, to cooperate in this thing I find good, to pick up new experiences and skills, and to lend my own. 


for? I'm getting back for what I'm giving, or at least I definitely hope so. Am I well presented? In speech I'm regularly described as chaotic, in appearance as casual, the latter of which I consciously strive for. English I speak, work I legally can, that takes care of the formalities, I hope. Confident? Only if referring to the level of usage, otherwise highly dependent on the topic. What does personable even mean? Had to actually look that one up. By Google[Oxford]: "having a pleasant appearance and manner". Pleasant manner? Well I hope so. 



