On the importance of dance in society
A good all-encompassing definiton of what we call dancing is not actually that difficult to give, it would seem.
Physical movement to 
Either as part of expression of one's cultural identity, as a performance meant to entertain, an activity to enjoy, whether alone, with a partner or in a larger group.
To many cultures around the world, dance is a central aspect, as it not only captures a history, a way to connect  with generations past, a complement to all kinds of celebration, be it seasonal, or based on special events - birth, weddings, etc. It also combines traditional music and clothing, and through all can give a rich picture to foreigners - not that that's the only point of it all.

Dance can easily give a sense of community, something I've experienced time and time again myself. The experience of belgian dancing outside, in the middle of the night with friends is truly unique. 
It's actually quite interesting, that despite there being a set choreography and all the moves being essentially predetermined, it still feels entirely alive. 
To another point, is dance not but a sport?
Such a nice, poorly defined categeory.

Yeah and asking smb out to a dance has become one of the most romantic things ever, despite not being explicit about it in any way, which can sometimes lead to these fun situations where one person just really wants to dance, but not truly interested in anything further (which sounds really bad, but trying to express nonstandard stuf often is), and the other dancer can feel let down afterwards, just because of this notion that dance is meant to be this kind of signal, instead of just being really fun for some people. 

Even as just a performance thing, I find dance has its merit, since it's often made to 'look good', to better set the atmosphere at certain events, 

On the other hand, I feel we could lose purely performative dance. I don't mean to say it's necessarily bad, but just looking at the point of it, it's taking something that should be fun on an individual level, and doing it for someone else's viewing pleasure (again, harsh). I write this mosty because I know how certain people felt during our ribboning dance - not great, as it was entirely a one-time thing they *had* to learn