Application checklist:
	
5. OTHER SCHOOL LEAVING EXAMS
Please provide details of other school leaving exams
and the years they were completed. Describe the examinations briefly, including details of the National
or European framework level where relevant.
Applicants are generally required to supply a certified
copy of their final school leaving examination results
as soon as they are available. Documents not printed
in English must be accompanied by an official
translation.
You may also be required to supply proof of English
language proficiency. If you have further queries in
relation to English Language proficiency, please see
HEI websites or contact HEIs directly. HEI contact
details can be found on the CAO website.

If you are sitting your examinations this summer, you
do not need to supply your documents within ten
days of applying, but you must supply the certified
photocopies of your results as soon as they are
available to you. For entry requirements criteria for
EU/EFTA applicants, go to the Applicants section of
the CAO website.

Please note: Candidates born and fully educated
outside the Republic of Ireland who are presenting
qualifications other than the Leaving Certificate for
matriculation are automatically exempt from Irish and
do not need to make application to the NUI.

Indicate if you wish to be considered for Maintenance Fee/Grant (SUSI)
If you have applied to SUSI for a grant, or if you intend to do so, you may indicate this on your CAO onlineapplication. CAO will then provide your identification,contact and offer/acceptance details to the grant authority(SUSI). Ticking this section of the CAO form does notmean that you have applied to SUSI so please makesure to visit www.studentfinance.ie or www.susi.ie tocomplete the necessary steps. Other than providingthese details to the grant authority, CAO plays no role inprocessing grant applications.

Seeking exemption from minimum entry requirementsIf you wish to seek exemption from minimum entryrequirements (e.g. exemptions from Irish or modernlanguage requirements) then you should contact theAdmissions Offices of the HEIs for further details (in thecase of NUI institutions see www.nui.ie for details). Formore information go to the Applicants section ofwww.cao.ie.
